>> Mark: What is the reason behind
creating separate modules for
each component?
Projects, home, etc.
Is it not enough to create just components
in one main module like that model.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
you absolutely could.
And that is depending on
the scope that may work.
I may just go as far as just creating
components in a main application.
But if you want to set up lazy loading,
then you need to set up
routing specifically for
that feature,
which then has to have a module.
And so If you want to do lazy loading then
you create a module for that feature.
So for instance,
maybe I only want to use projects or
load projects right off the gates and
let's say maybe so it might not
go to users, well, wrap that in a module
and then set it up to lazy load.
Another reason why I believe they
encouraged this in the style guide
is it just helps with encapsulation.
That for instance, you have a user's
feature that has kind of a bunch
of stuff in it and allows it to just kind
of create a nice container around that.
So the answer is,
you certainly could get away with not
wrapping your feature components and
modules.
But there are some advantages.
One, lazy loading.
Two, I think kind of having a clear
perimeter around that particular
feature for encapsulation purposes.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yeah,
he was just saying,
the difference between an angular js when
you were creating a module versus now.
Is there any major differences of
about how you think about that?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
an Angular js Module to an Angular Module.
Like from a mental analog I
think almost the same thing,
is that they're organization mechanisms.
That in fact, prior to
angular being released, I think it
was release candidate six or seven.
They reintroduced Ngmodule, and
modules at the framework level.
Because they realized,
if we're going to do lazy loading and
these different kind of
performance enhancements,
we have to have a way to
communicate at the framework level.
That this is how this
application is organized and
how it needs to be assembled together.
Because one of the interesting
things is that not only
are we having modules at
the framework level, but
we have ES6, ESNext, whatever.
We have a module system
happening at the language level,
which is used for compilation.
And so at the language level, we're saying
this is how we're going to organize it.
But then we're also using Angular module,
NGModule, to say this is how this is going
to be conceptually organized
at the framework level.
And so from Angular.js to Angular,
I typically, I think though,
I think philosophically they're the same.
Obviously the underlying
execution is very, very different.
But think of it as containers to
logically organize your application
into nice composable pieces.
Yes.
>> Student2: About, I have a question
about the material because it's kind of so
tightly integrated.
This is, how long has it been
that Angular material was
part of the standard distrubution.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: It's not part
of the standard distribution.
So at the very beginning, when I scaffled,
is that I went NG add and
I was able to add it in.
And so you certainly, there's a bunch
of other files like UI frameworks
that you had use so for instance
there is a bootstrap implementation,
there's a primeng,
there's a couple of different libraries.
I happen to be a fan of
material design as a whole so
the language that it's based on,
I think it's pretty
good as well as Angular material is
officially supported by the angular team.
So Jeremy Elbourn and
his team have done a very good
job of building those things out.
So it's certainly going to have the most
or the tightest integration into angular,
but it's definitely not baked into it.
In other words, had I not done
n g ad- At angular/material and
build that material module then
there would be no angular material.
And so I very well could have built this
with bootstrap or Prime NG or whatever.
>> Student2: So
this is be actively developed now.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yes.
So
it's actually part of
the angular core project.
So it's officially supported,
there's Google developers,
like it's in-house, if you will.
So that is for
me kinda one of the big reasons is that
they work very closely together.
And Jeremy Elbourn is kind of
the lead developer on that.
He's at Google, in Mountain View.
>> Student2: So
they don't develop any other frameworks,
other than Angular Material?
Even though it's not part of
the official release, but
it's as tightly integrated as possible,
right?
Because of the same team
is basically working on it?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Right,
so one, it's because
obviously material is a Google concept.
And so Android, if you just look
at all of the things from Google,
they adopt material so naturally
they're encouraged to embrace it and
I think material design as
a design language is pretty solid.
And so that's gonna be
the most closely integrated.
Cuz Google being the creators of
material said well it makes sense for
us to do Angular material and
pay for that to happen.
But you don't have to use it,
certainly not.
>> Student2: Yeah, I'm just wondering
how you picked it, how stable is it?
How is it gonna be maintained?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Absolutely,
I mean it's stable as it can be which
is one of the reasons why I picked it.
>> Student2: All right, then.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Good question, though.
Yes.
>> Student3: Can you add the normal
workspace to an existing angular four or
to an existing angular for project or does
it have to be like the latest Angular six?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So you can add Narwhal
to an existing angular CLI project.
And so for instance,
I generated the workspace and for
there I'm doing Angular CLI stuff.
But if you already have an angular
CLI project, you can add in and
convert it into a URL workspace.
The file structure's not going to be
the same, but you're going to have some of
the generators and
some of the additional tooling.
But is there a reason, so your four dot X.
Like I would wager it would be pretty
straightforward to just upgrade.
I mean, if I were you, I would cut
a branch and update everything and
see what happens.
In other words,
it would not surprise me that
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Nothing happened,
it just would still work.
Cuz 4.3 or thereabouts that's
when it really stabilized.
Then they get really serious about not
introducing anymore breaking changes.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yes, Mark?
>> Mark: In AppComponent HTML file
there is the sidenav reference.
Could you access the reference to it in
callToggle from the app component itself?
Call a toggle method, and
then inside the toggle method,
>> Mark: Call sidebar.toggle?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I could,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's try this.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Toggle
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I think it's
just lowercase.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Then what
happened to our app component?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
notice we don't have a lot in here yet.
Toggle, we will go sidenav.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's
see what happens.
Roll the dice.
Nothing broke.
>> Mark: Do you have to actually pass it,
or
is it actually set on
the component itself?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: No, so
you have to pass it in.
But if you wanted to get a reference
to it, this is how you would do this.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Using viewChild.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So what viewChild
does, let's see if I can click it here.
This is not super, it's pretty light.
Basically it's a view query.
So using viewChild,
you can say I want to query my view,
find the sidenav reference, and
then assign it to this local property.
So we will go localSideNav
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And so
the technique there is,
cuz we've seen this component
decorator up here, but
we can also decorate properties.
We can actually decorate almost anything.
But in this case, we're saying,
viewChild, go and query the dom.
So decorators are just
methods that get executed.
Go find this element and
then assign it to this local reference.
In here.
And then from there,
we can absolutely call toggle on that, or
anything else that we want.
So that's kind of a bonus technique.
Is if you have something in your template
that you want to pull out locally.
And when I'm dealing with observables and
DOM events that I wanna actually stream
and manipulate, I do this all the time.
So ViewChild, sidenav,
assign it to whatever.
We just equally call it sidenav, and
then you can reference it in here.